PxE - SDET Engineer – CL3
Role Overview: As a SDET Engineer specializing in test automation, you will actively engage in your software and quality engineering craft, taking a hands-on approach to multiple high-visibility projects. Your expertise will be pivotal in delivering solutions that delight customers and users while also driving tangible value for Deloitte's business investments. You will leverage your software and quality engineering craftsmanship across multiple engineering disciplines and modern frameworks, consistently demonstrating your strong track record in delivering high-quality, outcome-focused solutions. The ideal candidate will have a background in software development, test automation, and an understanding of modern testing frameworks and methodologies. This role will be pivotal in enhancing our test automation frameworks and ensuring the highest quality standards for our products.
Key Responsibilities:
? Outcome-Driven Accountability: Embrace and drive a culture of accountability for customer and business outcomes. Develop quality engineering solutions that solve complex problems with valuable outcomes, ensuring high-quality test automations.
? Technical Leadership and Advocacy: Serve as the quality advocate for products, ensuring high-quality automation coverage, appropriateness, feasibility, and alignment with business and customer goals. Design, develop, and maintain advanced automation frameworks to drive “Automation first mindset” using modern tools and technologies to streamline and enhance the testing process.
? Engineering Craftsmanship: Maintain accountability for the integrity of test design, test automation, their ongoing maintenance and scale, as well as the quality of solutions. Stay hands-on, self-driven, and continuously learn new approaches, tools, techniques, and frameworks. Integrate modern tools and techniques into existing testing processes to improve accuracy, efficiency, and coverage of automated tests.
? Customer-Centric Engineering: Develop lean test automation solutions through rapid, inexpensive experimentation to solve customer needs. Engage with customers and product teams before, during, and after delivery to ensure the right solution is delivered at the right time.
? Incremental and Iterative Delivery: Adopt a mindset that favors action and evidence over extensive planning. Utilize a leaning-forward approach to navigate complexity and uncertainty, delivering lean, supportable, and maintainable solutions.
? Cross-Functional Collaboration and Integration: Work collaboratively with empowered, cross-functional teams including product management, experience, engineering, and delivery. Integrate diverse perspectives to make well-informed decisions that balance feasibility, viability, usability, and value. Foster a collaborative environment that enhances team synergy and innovation.
? Advanced Technical Proficiency: Possess basic knowledge of modern software and quality engineering practices and principles, including Agile methodologies and DevSecOps to deliver daily product deployments using techniques like fully automated in-sprint testing to accept the stories and work products, throughout the SDLC lifecycle. Strive to be a role model, leveraging these techniques to optimize solutioning and product delivery. Demonstrate an understanding of the full lifecycle product development, focusing on continuous improvement and learning.
? Domain Expertise: Quickly acquire domain-specific knowledge relevant to the business or product. Translate business/user needs and UX/UI designs into test automation. Be a valuable, flexible, and dedicated team member, supportive of teammates, and focused on quality and tech debt payoff.
? Effective Communication and Influence: Exhibit strong communication skills, capable of articulating complex technical concepts clearly and compellingly. Support teammates and product teams through well-structured arguments and trade-offs supported by evidence. Create coherent narratives that align technical solutions with business objectives.
? Engagement and Collaborative Co-Creation: Engage and collaborate with product engineering teams, including customers as needed. Build and maintain constructive relationships, fostering a culture of co-creation and shared momentum towards achieving product goals. Align diverse perspectives and drive consensus to create feasible solutions.
The team: US Deloitte Technology Product Engineering has modernized software and product delivery, creating a scalable, cost-effective model that focuses on value/outcomes and leverages a progressive and responsive talent structure. As Deloitte’s primary internal development team, Product Engineering delivers innovative digital solutions to businesses, service lines, and internal operations with proven bottom-line results and outcomes. It helps power Deloitte’s success. It is the engine that drives Deloitte, serving many of the world’s largest, most respected companies. We develop and deploy cutting-edge internal and go-to-market solutions that help Deloitte operate effectively and lead in the market. Our reputation is built on a tradition of delivering with excellence.
The successful candidate will possess:
? Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, with the ability to handle diverse situations, complex projects, and changing priorities, behaving with passion, empathy, and care.
Required Qualifications:
? A bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related discipline. Experience is the most relevant factor.
? 3-6 years of experience in software engineering, with a strong focus on automation testing and quality engineering, including framework development, tooling, test automation, and script development.
? 1-2+ years of experience leveraging AI/GenAI/LLM technologies within quality engineering contexts.
? Hands-on experience in both UI and API test automation using Playwright, Cucumber, and Selenium.
? Hands-on experience with TypeScript, Python, C#/. NET Core, NodeJS, PowerShell, and SQL/NoSQL as well as tools such as VSCode, Postman, and Fiddler.
? Prior experience with automation-first BDD methodologies, including Gherkin syntax and techniques.
? Prior experience conducting non-functional testing, including security, performance, and load testing, using tools such as LoadRunner Cloud and K6, as well as performance monitoring and analysis platforms such as SolarWinds DPA, Grafana, PG Analyze, etc.
? Prior experience with cloud-native engineering, using FaaS, PaaS, or micro-services on any of the cloud hyperscalers such as Azure, AWS, or GCP.
? Prior experience using one or more of the methodologies and tools such as XP, Lean, DevSecOps, SRE, Azure DevOps, GitHub, SonarQube, etc., to deliver high-quality products rapidly.
Other:
? Ability to travel 10%, on average, based on the work you do and products you build.
? Limited immigration sponsorship may be available.
How You will Grow: At Deloitte, our professional development plans focus on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day and excel in everything they do.
Recruiting tips

From developing a stand out resume to putting your best foot forward in the interview, we want you to feel prepared and confident as you explore opportunities at Deloitte. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte recruiters.
Our people and culture

Our diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture empowers our people to be who they are, contribute their unique perspectives, and make a difference individually and collectively. It enables us to leverage different ideas and perspectives, and bring more creativity and innovation to help solve our client most complex challenges. This makes Deloitte one of the most rewarding places to work. Learn more about our inclusive culture.
Our purpose

Deloitte’s purpose is to make an impact that matters for our clients, our people, and in our communities. We are creating trust and confidence in a more equitable society. At Deloitte, purpose is synonymous with how we work every day. It defines who we are. We are focusing our collective efforts to advance sustainability, equity, and trust that come to life through our core commitments. Learn more about Deloitte's purpose, commitments, and impact.
Professional development

From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to build new skills, take on leadership opportunities and connect and grow through mentorship. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
